1) A computer translates the signal or code that the computer understands. The key that was pressed is then passed thru the program to be displayed on the monitor.

2) The input device sends information while the output device shows the information. The output is showing the images and text which, helps create the experience for the user.

3) Software products are infinitely reproducible nothing because as time goes on software will be reproduced over and over. It will give you the same experience but might be cheaper or even at no cost. Like in the article, Microsoft was king but then Linux reproduces what Microsoft has already done.

4) The Compiler is software that takes the symbol you typed into a file and converts it to software that the computer understands.

5) Process or set of rules to be followed in calculations, or help to solve a problem.

6) The D.R.Y principle also known as the (Don't Repeat Yourself principle), is a method used in code to not repeat the same line of code. Also used to keep your code clean and effective.

7) Object-Oriented Programming is a programming paradigm base on the concept of objects. This can contain different data and codes.

8) Data is information that has been translated into a form that is efficient for movement or processing. It relates to code because that data is transformed into code for the computer to process and display.

9) A framework is a platform for developing software applications. Provides is a platform for developing software applications. Provides a foundation that developers can use to make applications. It could include libraries such as react, compiler such as sass, and more.

10) Debugging is when you look over your code to find and identify errors that you will remove to keep your code clean and working properly.

11) Learning how to code has always been a passion of mines. Making sites, apps, and games is something I always wanted to do, from watching my brother and my friend Ornell code. It also teaches you problem-solving skills, creativity, critical thinking, teamwork, logic, networking, and more. Also as time goes on coding is very important especially in the tech field, more and more tech jobs open every day so job security is always there.